[ADR] Path prefixes in new Sylius API (#11789)
Sylius/Sylius: adr/2020_09_01_admin_and_shop_split.md

to expose product data based on URL (or provide redirect to proper resource based on the channel and locale), while in admin 
resources are channel and locale agnostic, and we should use `codes` instead.

## Decision Drivers

* Driver 1: There is not strict requirement to have a direct 1 to 1 correlation between entities in database and exposed API Resources.
One resource in the database may aggregate several API Resources
* Driver 2: There should be a clear way to determine an IRI for each of exposed API Resources
* Driver 3: A clear separation of available resources and paths for visitor and admin may be expected

## Considered Options

Every option will be described considering products example fetched by shop user and administrator:

### Staying with the current solution

`GET /new-api/products/knitted-wool-blend-green-cap` for Visitor (using product slug) which will return
`{"id": 1, "slug": 2, "prices": {} }`
`GET /new-api/products/KNITTED_WOOL_BLEND_GREEN_CAP` for admin user (using product code) which will return
`{"id": 1, "slug": 2, "prices": {}, "admin_related_information" : "" }`

* Good, because there is only one endpoint for the products.

> * Bad, because depending on the currently logged in user, the IRIs between related products (or on product list) has be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bad, because depending on the currently logged in user, the IRIs between related products (or on the product list) have been
```

changed (between slug and code).
* Bad, because it is not clear how to operate on endpoint before jumping into documentation. (For example tax rates 
endpoint is not exposed for shop users).
* Bad, because we have to declare authorization rules on endpoint basis, while some of them will have really complicated 

> rules (different strategies for admin, shop user and guest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rules (different strategies for admin, shop user and guest).
```

### Adding additional suffix for path

`GET /new-api/products/knitted-wool-blend-green-cap` for Visitor (using product slug) which will return
`{"id": 1, "slug": 2, "prices": {} }`
`GET /new-api/products/KNITTED_WOOL_BLEND_GREEN_CAP/admin` for admin user (using product code) which will return
`{"id": 1, "slug": 2, "prices": {}, "admin_related_information" : "" }`

* Good, because we can treat two different presentations as two separate resources and generate two different IRIs for both of them.
* Good, because it is clear which endpoint should be used in admin and shop contexts.
* Good, because the authorization of admin and shop users is more straightforward.
* Bad, because there are two endpoints for the products.
* Bad, because it results with n paths with `admin` prefix only, while on others, we should be cautious which path we are using.
* Bad, because we have to declare authorization rules on endpoint basis, while some of them will have really complicated 
rules (different strategies for admin, shop user, and guest)

### Moving back to prefixed paths for back-office and shop 

> `GET /new-api/products/knitted-wool-blend-green-cap` for Visitor (using product slug) which will return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`GET /new-api/shop/products/knitted-wool-blend-green-cap` for Visitor (using product slug) which will return
```
